Azure broker (#54)
kyma-project/bundles: bundles/azure-service-broker-0.0.1/chart/azure-service-broker/charts/redis/README.md

# Redis

> [Redis](http://redis.io/) is an advanced key-value cache and store. It is often referred to as a data structure server since keys can contain strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets, bitmaps and hyperloglogs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Redis](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/redis) is an advanced key-value cache and store. It is often referred to as a data structure server since keys can contain strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets, bitmaps and hyperloglogs.
```

> ## TL;DR

Reviewer: Please delete the whole content below. If you want to put emphasis on this content, we can add the following sentence instead:

`For more information on the Redis chart, see [this](https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/redis) document.` 

In such case, do not apply the change of link in the previous comment.
